README.md, before:

# CeasarCipherConsoleCpp
 Project for exploring the ceasar cryptography cipher in cpp.
 
 
 Todo:  
 -read and write to files with encryption.   
 -may move to c implementation because I am not using classes  
 -create implementation using classes and recursion  



## Introduction - the project's aim  
App to practice developing a ceasar cipher for the programming language of cpp.     

## Technologies
Project is created with:  

C++

## Project status
The project is 'in progree' 
Setting up working enviroment. (in progress)  
 *visual studio 2019  

   

## Sources


## Scope of functionalities
basic functions  
* basic procedural implementation in cpp
* basic OOP implementation with cpp
* using c library for cpp console  

OOP functions
* use classes
* use resursive method
  


system function  

* deploy with Docker ()  
* documented with github    
* build through github actions  
* create unit test program. (how does this work with github)



### Dev Setup and Launch
#### Setup
##### Session System Level - Software installtion  - 

##### Presentation Level      

##### Application Level  - Setup work enviroment -




#### For Windows Launch

##### Running app option
run something from release
  

##### Running by Command Line 


## Other information
### todo
Creating code snippet documentation  
Create dockerfile  

### Placement for Future README Sub sections  
Table of contents  
Illustrations  
Examples of use

Commit message:

update readme.md; update main(); update to working

README.md, after:

# CeasarCipherConsoleCpp
 Project for exploring the ceasar cryptography cipher in cpp.
 
 
 Todo:  
-[ ] fix cipher: app is not encrypting or decyrpting special characters. (create bug?)     
-[ ] read and write to files with ceasar encryption.    
-[X] implement working script for encrypting and decrypting strings in a console  
-[X] implement OOP classes in Cpp  
-[ ] and recursion centric functions for OOP  
-[ ] create c implementation and use library.   
-[ ] create first test  



## Introduction - the project's aim  
Cpp App to practice and to familarlize myself with cryptology. The first cipher to study is the ceasar cipher.  

## Technologies
Project is created with:  

C++

## Project status
The project is 'in progree' 
Setting up working enviroment. (in progress)  
 *visual studio 2019  

   

## Sources  
for understanding recurision  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mIERXU7wWY&list=PLGLfVvz_LVvQ9S8YSV0iDsuEU8v11yP9M  

## Scope of functionalities
basic functions  
* basic procedural implementation in cpp
* basic OOP implementation with cpp
* using c library for cpp console  

OOP functions
* use classes
* use resursive method
  


system function  

* deploy with Docker ()  
* documented with github    
* build through github actions  
* create unit test program. (how does this work with github)



### Dev Setup and Launch
#### Setup
##### Session System Level - Software installtion  - 

##### Presentation Level      

##### Application Level  - Setup work enviroment -




#### For Windows Launch

##### Running app option
run something from release
  

##### Running by Command Line 


## Other information
### todo
Creating code snippet documentation  
Create dockerfile  

### Placement for Future README Sub sections  
Table of contents  
Illustrations  
Examples of use
